Zoom in/out of images while rotating them.

= Introduction =
Contains live examples for the implementation if jQueryRotateZoom plugin. For now here are a few jsFiddle projects for your reference


_Check the *JsFiddle* example_
  # http://jsfiddle.net/sandeeprajoria/jGyBZ/2/ contains full fledged working examples
  # http://jsfiddle.net/sandeeprajoria/jGyBZ/1/ contains the most basic implementation
The above links are full working examples of all major features of the plugin used in it.

----

Below are some code snippets which will give a better idea on how to go about initiating with the plugin

----

{{{
$("img").rotate({
    angle:0, 
    animateTo:360,
    limitWidthPercent:80,
    duration: 500,
    easing: $.easing.swing,
});
}}}

The above code will do the following things:
  * Rotate the img element from 0 to 360degrees clockwise.
  * Will not zoom the image to its 100 percent but will stop after zooming to 80%.
  * Will take 500 milliseconds to do so.
  * Will use the *swing* easing provided that we include the jQuery UI for easings.

*However*
----
{{{
$("img").rotate({
    angle:0, 
    dontZoom:True;
    animateTo:720,
    limitWidthPercent:80,
    duration: 500,
    easing: $.easing.swing,
});
}}}

will do the following things:
  * Neglect the *limitWidthPercent* as the zoom feature is disabled now
  * Rotate the img element from 0 to 720degrees clockwise. i.e 2 full circles
  * Will take 500 milliseconds to do so.
  * Will use the *swing* easing provided that we include the jQuery UI for easings.